BE-5757: added caution about changing display name when resigning won… (#854)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/publish-module/publish-information/resign-binary.md

- **Field**: [`CFBundleDisplayName`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/cfbundledisplayname)
- **Description**: The user-visible name for the bundle, used by Siri and visible on the iOS Home screen.

> :::caution CAUTION

Reviewer: When you use the ":::caution" structure, docusarus will automatically detect this is a caution box. So we can only specify the name.
```suggestion
:::caution Changing Display Name
```

> Please note that if the bundle does not have a CFBundleDisplayName, changing the display name during resigning will not work.

Reviewer: We should be more specific for users, and should specify the exact way to handle this. 
```suggestion
Please note that if the project `info.plist` file does not have a CFBundleDisplayName parameter, changing the display name during resigning will not work.
```
